Fixes of i18n on readme.md (#122)
vtex-apps/product-price: docs/README.md

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-4-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

The Product Price app exports blocks related to the product price, such as list price, selling price, and savings.

![image](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/vtex-product-price-0.png)

> > ℹ️ Currently, **Product Price is the only app that provides product price blocks for your theme**. Both, the [Product Summary Price](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary-productsummaryprice) and [Product Price](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-store-components-productprice/) blocks from the [Product Summary](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary/) and [Store Components](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-store-components/) apps respectively were deprecated and will no longer be developed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Currently, **Product Price is the only app that provides product price blocks for your theme**. The [Product Summary Price](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary-productsummaryprice) block from the [Product Summary](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary/) app and the [Product Price](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-store-components-productprice/) block from [Store Components](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-store-components/) have been deprecated.
```

> ## Configuring Product Price

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration
```

### Step 1 - Adding the Product Price app to your theme dependencies

> In the theme `manifest.json`, add the Product Price app as a dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the theme's `manifest.json` file, add the Product Price app as a dependency:
```

},
```

The `product-installments-list` block has two additional props:

| Prop name            | Type       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Default value |
| -------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | `paymentSystemName`  | `string`   | This prop allows you to filter the listed installment options by a particular payment system. If not passed, the installments of the payment system with the most installment options will be rendered.                                                                                                               | `undefined`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `paymentSystemName`  | `string`   | Allows you to filter the listed installment options by a particular payment system. If not passed, the installments of the payment system with the most installment options will be rendered.                                                                                                               | `undefined`   |
```

> | `installmentsToShow` | `number[]` | Determine the installment options you want to show to the user based on the number of installments. For example, if `[1, 3]` is passed as a value for this prop, only the installments options with `NumberOfInstallments` equal to 1 and 3 will be rendered. If a value is not passed, all options will be rendered. | `undefined`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `installmentsToShow` | `number[]` | Determines the installment options you want to show to the user based on the number of installments. For example, if `[1, 3]` is passed as a value for this prop, only the installments options with `NumberOfInstallments` equal to 1 and 3 will be rendered. If a value is not passed, all options will be rendered. | `undefined`   |
```

The `product-installments` block also has two additional props:

| Prop name                  | Type                                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Default value  |
| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |

> | `installmentsCriteria`     | `max-quantity` or `max-quantity-without-interest`               | When set to `max-quantity`, the block will render the installment plan with the most number of installments. When set to `max-quantity-without-interest`, the block will render the installment plan with the most number of installments and **no interest**. Note that if this prop is set to `max-quantity-without-interest` and no installment plan matches the 'without interest' criterion, the component will fall back to the default behavior. | `max-quantity` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `installmentsCriteria`     | `max-quantity` or `max-quantity-without-interest`               | When set to `max-quantity`, the block renders the installment plan with the most number of installments. When set to `max-quantity-without-interest`, the block renders the installment plan with the most number of installments and **no interest**. Note that if this prop is set to `max-quantity-without-interest` and no installment plan matches the 'without interest' criterion, the component will fall back to the default behavior. | `max-quantity` |
```
